faq and shortcodes (#90)
metalbear-co/mirrord.dev: content/docs/overview/faq.md

* mirrord can be run through one of our IDE extensions: we support [IntelliJ](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/19772-mirrord) and [VS Code](vscode:extension/MetalBear.mirrord).

More details can be found in this [GitHub discussion.](https://github.com/metalbear-co/mirrord/discussions/154#discussioncomment-2972127)

## Is mirrord free?

mirrord is free and open source (MIT License).
Our paid offering, mirrord for Teams, includes a Kubernetes operator that acts as a control plane for mirrord.
You can read more about it [here]({{< ref "/docs/teams/introduction" >}} "mirrord for Teams").

## What if I can't create privileged containers in my cluster?

> mirrord works by creating an agent on a privileged pod in the remote cluster that accesses another pod's namespaces (read more about it [here.](https://metalbear.co/blog/getting-started-with-ephemeral-containers/)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mirrord works by creating an agent on a privileged pod in the remote cluster that accesses another pod's namespaces (read more about it [here](https://metalbear.co/blog/getting-started-with-ephemeral-containers/)).
```

> If you can't do that, we suggest considering using our operator. The operator is provided as part of [mirrord for Teams]({{< ref "/docs/teams/introduction" >}} "mirrord for Teams") and lets you provide users access to using mirrord, instead of creating priveleged pods. You'd still need to provide the operator the ability to spawn

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you can't give your end users permissions to create privileged pods, we suggest trying out [mirrord for Teams]({{< ref "/docs/teams/introduction" >}} "mirrord for Teams"). It adds a Kubernetes operator that acts as a control plane for mirrord clients, and lets them work with mirrord without creating privileged pods themselves.
```

> priveleged pods, but now only *it* will be able to do it, instead of any user.

Reviewer: Remove this line

> [Let us know](hello@metalbear.co) if that might also problematic for you, and we'd try to figure a solution that matches your security policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If mirrord for Teams doesn't work for you either, [let us know](hello@metalbear.co) and we'll try to figure a solution that matches your security policies.
```

## Can I use mirrord with Openshift?

> Yes. mirrord works with OpenShift. Having said that, OpenShift usually ships with a security policy that doesn't allow us to create our pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes, mirrord works with OpenShift. However, OpenShift usually ships with a default security policy that doesn't let mirrord create pods.
```
